[Applause]
what was a feisty and festive day in
Washington DC we'll start with the
festive the president and the first lady
took part in an event that's been an
annual thing for the past 97 years the
lighting of the National Christmas tree
it's a cherished tradition that harkens
back to the days when there are only
three channels on TV and we had nothing
better to watch than lights going on
it's an honor to be with everyone
tonight and all across our land milani
and i would like to wish you a very very
Merry Christmas and now the first lady
will do the honors of lighting the
National Christmas tree so we'll count
from five down to that very special
number what's very special number one is
it all right let's see if we can make it
all the way down to one five four three
two one
[Applause]
[Music]
perfect I milania's dressed just like
the gifts they wrap to went on with
music and performers this is a family
fun fest that started in 1923 and in my
opinion peaked from an entertainment
standpoint 30 years ago this week when
Bush was president back in 1989
[Music]
we need
hey you know I have to say I I've seen a
lot of scary things in my life I've been
in accidents I've been burglarized I've
been jumped on by strangers in the
middle of the night if that Charlie
Brown walked into my bedroom in the
middle I would die on the spot I like
this integral because it's the scariest
thing I've ever seen I mean the legs
that to me is scarier than the the it
clown you know anyway the president got
an early Christmas gift today he's been
especially naughty this year so instead
of coal nancy pelosi gave him this you
heard yesterday in the judiciary
committee the scholars present the
constitution and how the facts and the
constitution give us no choice but to
impeach the Pietschmann
of the president that's right the House
Judiciary Committee will now draft
articles of impeachment against the
President of the United States this is
big this will be the first draft Donald
Trump can't dodge it's coming and of
course he lashed out today he wrote
[Applause]
we do nothing radical left Democrats
have just announced that they're going
to seek to impeach me over nothing they
already gave up on the ridiculous Muller
stuff so now they hang their hats to
totally appropriate perfect phone calls
look at the intergrated he's still
sticking with perfect on these clothes
you'd think he could at least get him to
say okay maybe not perfect maybe perfect
is overstating it a little bit just say
very good call but Betty wrote they do
nothing Democrats again with the
do-nothing Democrats from the guy who
watches TV and tweets all day had a
historically bad day yesterday in the
house they have no impeachment case and
are demeaning our country but nothing
matters to them they've gone crazy
therefore I say if you are going to
impeach me do it now fast so we can have
a fair trial in the Senate
do it now fact that's exactly what
Milania says to him police one of the
big talking points for Republicans has
been that the Democrats are rushing the
impeachment process now Trump says do it
now fast and a rare moment of discord
and the president also unveiled a new
new defense and it's a really good one I
have to hand it to him he wrote when I
said in my phone call to the president
of Ukraine I would like you to do us a
favor though because our country has
been through a lot in Ukraine knows a
lot about it well with the word us I am
referring to the United States our
country well why didn't you say that a
while ago that explains everything he's
the president of the US I didn't and you
know this has to be true because it took
him two months to come up with it I
really have to say I was thinking about
this
I wonder what Mike Pence is thinking
about all is he happy is he scared is he
excited like an tonight is he leaning
over to mother from their separate beds
and whispering tonight first lady and
then she says good night mr. president I
mean this that has to be going on right
there's no way they're not quietly
discussing this all the time yesterday
the house heard testimony from four
legal scholars three of whom agreed that
Trump's abuse of power is worse than any
president in the history of presidents
these were professors from Stanford Law
Harvard law highly respected schools and
so naturally Trump sent his scariest
crow out to discredit their credits
specifically attacking professor Pamela
Carlin who holds three degrees from Yale
ladies and gentlemen if you went to work
today to manicure nails to manicure lawn
if you went to work with a jackhammer or
a welding machine or mechanics tools or
a carpentry belt and not three degrees
from Yale that woman yesterday looks her
nose down at you she thinks that you are
less than her and I've had it that's
right these people need to stop looking
their nose down because Kelly had Conway
has had it but no one was more fired up
about these highfalutin educators than
the Republican congressman slash pair of
truck nuts come to life Louie Gohmert of
Texas so all I got to say is if you love
America mamas don't let your babies grow
up to go to Harvard or Stanford Law
School no more learning in college all
these kids
as a corncob pipe and a sex go Goodwin
Gohmert we just start calling stupid
people go Mertz hey you see that guy he
put his foot in a wood chipper what a
Gomer so you know how there was that
video of the world leaders at the NATO
summit laughing at Trump behind his back
well now Trump may be on the outs with
his chubby little buddy kim jeong-hoon
- kim jeong-hoon is said to be
displeased that trump revived the
nickname rocket man at the summit and as
a result their relationship status has
been changed - it's complicated if Trump
doesn't stop calling him Rocket Man
North Korea has threatened and this is
for real they threatened to resume
calling Trump dotard this is an actual
quote from the North Korean Foreign
Minister today if any language and
expressions stoking the atmosphere of
confrontation are used once again on
purpose at a crucial moment as now that
must really be diagnosed as the relapse
of the dotage of a dotard acts I don't
know what that means but it sounds
really bad and they need to do a better
job with Google Translate because it's
not exactly I mean if this was an action
movie it would be the worst dialogue of
all time this is what that statement
would sound like if Liam Neeson said it
in a movie if any language and
expressions
stoking the atmosphere of confrontation
are used once again
on purpose at a crucial moment as now
that must really be diagnosed as the
relapse of the toe touch of a toad
[Applause]
meanwhile I would watch that movie by
the way this is what's happening on the
Democrat side this is from a meeting of
African American supporters of Peabody
judge in South Bend Indiana last night
we as all we have also built homes I'll
address you guys in a few minutes if you
give me my time and the respect I would
do the same thing
[Music]
[Applause]
the Sam man's grandma showed up and this
happened in Iowa today at a Joe Biden
event voters started parroting Fox News
talking points about Joe's son hunters
activities in Ukraine and that did not
sit well with Joe he said no malarkey
and I think he meant it you know so
things in the country are going great
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you